README.md, before:

# viking_prep_work
Assignments for the Viking Code School 4-mini-course prep work.

This repo will have the following items:

- Facebook UX and Design Teardown: 

Files: all PDF files

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/web-design-basics/tearing-down-and-mocking-up-facebook

I have also written an article on it: https://aleksgorbenko.com/tearing-down-and-mockingup-facebook-ux/

- Pseudo-Code: Grilled Cheese, Shopping for Ingredients and Logic Game.

Files: cheese.rb, ingredients.rb, logic-game.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/practice-with-pseudo-coding

- Elevator Assignment:

Files: elevator.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/pseudocoding-modular-design

- Pagination Assignment:

Files: pagination_pseudo.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/turning-a-new-feature-into-agile-stories-and-pseudocode

- Google homepage CSS mockup: google.html, google_main.css (in process)

- Viking eCommerce Shop Page: vikingshop.html, viking_main.css (in process)




    NOTE: some files are .rb - they are not Ruby, they are written in pseudo-code. I made them .rb for having syntax colours in SublimeText.

Commit message:

added link to GoogleHomepage separate repo

README.md, after:

# viking_prep_work
Assignments for the Viking Code School 4-mini-course prep work.

This repo will have the following items:

- Facebook UX and Design Teardown: 

Files: all PDF files

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/web-design-basics/tearing-down-and-mocking-up-facebook

I have also written an article on it: https://aleksgorbenko.com/tearing-down-and-mockingup-facebook-ux/

- Pseudo-Code: Grilled Cheese, Shopping for Ingredients and Logic Game.

Files: cheese.rb, ingredients.rb, logic-game.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/practice-with-pseudo-coding

- Elevator Assignment:

Files: elevator.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/pseudocoding-modular-design

- Pagination Assignment:

Files: pagination_pseudo.rb

Task Instructions: http://www.vikingcodeschool.com/software-engineering-basics/turning-a-new-feature-into-agile-stories-and-pseudocode

- Google homepage CSS mockup can be seen in a separate repo: https://github.com/kucher12/viking_prep_work-GoogleHomepage/tree/master

- Viking eCommerce Shop Page: vikingshop.html, viking_main.css (in process)




    NOTE: some files are .rb - they are not Ruby, they are written in pseudo-code. I made them .rb for having syntax colours in SublimeText.
